January, 2007
====================================


This archive contains the contribution to the Apache Harmony project.
The contribution consists of the following components:


  Tool for generation of unresolved Harmony bugs history reports


1. ARCHIVE CONTENTS
-------------------

The archive contains the script files and auxiliary files required for
reports generation.

After extracting this archive, the following directories appear under
<EXTRACT_DIR>/, where EXTRACT_DIR is the location into which the
archive was extracted:

  <EXTRACT_DIR>/
       |
       \---BugsHistory
           |
           +---lib              - directory for required Perl modules
           +---tmp              - directory where generated files (pictures)
           |                      are stored
           |---HarmonyBugs.cgi  - script for generating html report
           |---run-daily.sh     - script for collecting data for reports
           \---url.txt          - contains list of links to JIRA from where
                                  data for reports is taken


2. TOOLS AND LIBRARIES REQUIRED FOR THE TOOL
--------------------------------------------

To run tool scripts, install and configure the following tools
and support libraries:

+ Perl
    - Perl binaries version 5.8 or higher
      http://www.perl.org

+ Chart module for Perl
    - Chart module for Perl by David Bonner, Peter Clark and
      Chart-Group at BKG version 2.3 or higher
      http://cpan.perl.org/modules/
      Note, that Chart module requires GD module installed.


3. HOW TO GENERATE REPORTS
--------------------------

To generate html report use HarmonyBugs.cgi Perl-based script. Run
this script from shell prompt or set up on web server and run by
referencing its url.

The script is designed to use actual data from JIRA site by default,
if there is no cached data (*.out files in current directory),
otherwise the script uses data form that files. The source of the data
may be explicitly defined by 'method' argument, which may be equal to
'online' or 'offline'. Use script run-daily.sh for creating *.out files.

It is preferably to run run-daily.sh every day automatically, this will
allow HarmonyBugs.cgi script to run with 'offline' method by default -
this will decrease its run time.

Note, that the first run of run-daily.sh script may take about 2-3
hours. It takes so long because at first time the script requests
change history for each resolved issue in order to find out the date
issue has been resolved. The next runs take about 5-10 minutes (it
depends on your internet connection speed and amount of issues
resolved since last run).

The HarmonyBugs.cgi script automatically generates weekly reports.


4. KNOWN ISSUES
---------------

No issues are revealed.


5. DISCLAIMER
--------------
*) Other brands and names are the property of their respective owners.
