(c) 2013, Adaptive Alchemy, LLC Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution
license

Conversion of Apache Harmony SVN repository to a GIT repository performed
September - October 2013 ZipVM / Adaptive Alchemy, LLC

We are providing this as a general overview of the process we used to convert
the ASF Harmony SVN repository to GIT.

Tools used for importing Apache Harmony SVN repo into GIT repository:

svnsync - used to make a local read only copy of the Apache Software Foundation
SVN repository - if you decide to do this you will need a lot of patience

KDE project svn2git - used to import the subprojects into separate git repos
initially - reference:
http://blog.smartbear.com/software-quality/migrating-from-subversion-to-git-
lessons-learned/ - project page: https://gitorious.org/svn2git

harmony.rules and *.common - The rules files we finally came to through analysis
of the SVN repository, trial and error, and a lot of pain.

We wrote a lot of bash shell scripts and generally used the Linux command line a
lot, mainly producing and analyzing SVN logs.  Some of the key scripts are here.

The key thing to understand is that the initial phase of the conversion process,
using svn-all-fast-import and the rules files created a number of separate
repositories with a bunch of tags and a nice group of branches. We went through
each repository and cleaned up the tag and branches names.  But the directory
stucture was flat.  That is for example, the site repository's root directory
contained everything in /harmony/standard/site.  So we went ahead and renamed
these directories to be where they are supposed to be and checked that stuff in.

We then had to bring together all of the separate repos into the single
repository you have now.  This is how we determined we needed to put this
together, directory-wise:

Assembly plan:

HEAD of master:

/harmony / enhanced    / admin
   ...   /    ...      / archive
   ...   /    ...      / buildtest
   ...   /    ...      / classlibadapter
   ...   /    ...      / java
   ...   /    ...      / jchevm
   ...   /    ...      / microemulator
   ...   /    ...      / sandbox
   ...   /    ...      / tools
   
   ...   /  standard   / classlib  { standard-classlib }
   ...   /  standard   / site
   
In master but "suppressed" (deleted) as in the original SVN repo:

/harmony  /  enhanced  / java   / common_resources
   ...    /     ...    /  ...   / jdktools
   ...    /     ...    / drlvm
   ...    /     ...    / classlib { enhanced-classlib }


-------------------------------------------------

Import "master" branches into the same "master" branch in freevm.

Combine correspondingly versioned tags across subprojects.

Repository branches

admin: 
	- apache-admin-master   DONE
	
archive:
	- apache-archive-master DONE
	
buildtest:
	- apache-buildtest-master DONE
	- tag-apache-buildtest-1.0 DONE
	- apache-buildtest-2.0 DONE
	
classlibadapter:
	- apache-classlibadapter-master DONE
	
common_resources:
	- apache-common_resources-master    DONE
	- tag-apache-common_resources-5.0m12a DONE
	
drlvm:
	- apache-drlvm-master DONE
	
enhanced-classlib:
	- apache-enhanced-classlib-master DONE
	- apache-enhanced-classlib DONE
	- apache-enhanced-classlib-archive DONE
	- apache-enhanced-classlib-pre-vme-v2-changes DONE
	
harmony:
	- apache-harmony-master DONE
	
java:
	- apache-java-master   DONE
	- tag-apache-enhanced-5.0m12a-java  DONE
	- apache-enhanced-java6-java DONE
	- tag-apache-java-java6 DONE
	- apache-java-mrh  DONE
	- apache-java-omd DONE
	
jchevm:
	- apache-jchevm-master  DONE
	
jdktools:
	- apache-jdktools-master   DONE
	- tag-apache-jdktools-5.0m12a DONE
	- tag-apache-jdktools-java6 DONE
	
microemulator:
	- apache-microemulator-master DONE
	
sandbox:
	- apache-sandbox-master  DONE
	
site:
	- apache-site-master  DONE
	- apache-site-live DONE
	
standard-classlib:
	- apache-standard-classlib-master DONE
	- apache-standard-classlib-java5 DONE
	
tools:
	- apache-tools-master DONE
	

Note that all of the *-master branches were just merged together into the master
branch you have now.  Also, some of the versioned branches were brought
together. You will not see all of these branch names and may see others in the
final repo, as these include the intermediate results.  These will also not
match the harmony.rules file, as these are "cleaned up" branch names.

Note that we did our best to be faithful to the structure and contents of ASF's
Harmony repository.  However, we cannot guarantee that we didn't make any
mistakes. That is the main reason we are including all of this information.

Regarding the authors_emails.txt file, this is just the mapping from ASF user id
to author name.  We could not reliably retrieve email information, so all emails
are simply asf@asf.org  The user id to name mapping was derived from public
information on ASF's website.

Each original SVN commit exists with the original SVN location and revision.

Here is the really important part: If you come across anything in the repository
that leads you to believe we may have made a mistake in the conversion process,
please let us know, along with your reasoning.



